bpo-40484: Document compiler flags under AST module (#19885)
python/cpython: Doc/library/functions.rst

   interactive statement (in the latter case, expression statements that
   evaluate to something other than ``None`` will be printed).

   The optional argument *flags* and *dont_inherit* controls which
   :ref:`compiler options <ast-compiler-flags>` should be activated
   and which :ref:`future features <future>` should be allowed. If neither
   is present (or both are zero) the code is compiled with the same flags that

>    are effecting the code that is calling :func:`compile`. If the *flags*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   affect the code that is calling :func:`compile`. If the *flags*
```
